# LEGO Pick List Generator

## Description

The LEGO Pick List Generator is a Python script designed to help LEGO enthusiasts create a pick list for any given LEGO set using their Instabrick inventory. This tool simplifies the process of identifying which parts to get from which containers in your inventory.

## Features

- Uses the part list generated by the LEGO Part List Extractor script as the part list source.
- Generates a pick list from your Instabrick inventory for any LEGO set.
- Supports ignoring certain inventory locations, based on their name.

## Prerequisites

These instructions assume that you have already downloaded your `inventory.xml` file from the Instabrick website; if you have not already done so, see the project's main README.md file for instructions.

## Configuration (optional)

If there are any locations in your Instabrick inventory that you do not want considered for the pick list generator, create a config.json file in the `/instabrick/src/lego-pick-list/` directory and populate the variable `ignore_strings` with the list of inventory locations to ignore, e.g.:

{
    "ignore_strings": ["(Built)", "(In Box)", "(Teardown)"]
}

## Usage

- Run the LEGO Part List Extractor script to create the part list for the set for which you want to generate a pick list, and verify that a file named `set_number_part_list.csv` (e.g. `10783-1_part_list.csv`) exists in the `/instabrick/data/user_data/<set_number>` directory. See the README.md file in the `/instabrick/src/lego-part-list` directory for instructions.
- In a Terminal window, navigate to the `/instabrick/src/lego-pick-list` directory: `cd /instabrick/src/lego-pick-list`.
- Run the script with the desired LEGO set ID from your command line: `python3 lego-pick-list.py <set_number>`, replacing <set_number> with the set number of the LEGO set for which you want to generate a pick list (e.g. `python3 lego-pick-list.py 10783`), and press enter.
- Set number can include or exclude the hyphen (e.g. `10783-1` or `10783`); if no hyphen is included, `-1` will be assumed and added automatically.

The resulting pick list will be put in the `/instabrick/data/user_data/<set_number>` directory, and will be named `set_number_pick_list.csv` (e.g. `10783-1_pick_list.csv`).